Each segment contains a specific group of devices or resources and is separated from other segments by network devices such as routers, switches, or firewalls. 

devices to switches, switches to routers, routers to firewalls ...

layers of network:
	PHYSICAL LAYER:
	1) Common physical layer devices are Hub, Repeater, Modem, and Cables.
	2) Physical layer specifies how the different, devices/nodes are arranged in a network 
	   i.e. bus topology , star topology , or mesh topology .
	3) Physical layer also defines how the data flows between the two connected devices. The
	   various transmission modes possible are Simplex, half-duplex and full-duplex .   
	4) The physical layer provides the synchronization of the bits by providing a clock.
	   This clock controls both sender and receiver thus providing synchronization at the
	   bit level.   
	5) The Physical layer also defines the transmission rate i.e. the number of bits sent
	   per second.
	   
	DATA LINK LAYER:
	When a packet arrives in a network, it is the responsibility of the DLL to transmit it
	to the Host using its MAC address. Packet in the Data Link layer is referred to as
	Frame.
	1) Switches and Bridges are common Data Link Layer devices.   
	2) The Data Link Layer is divided into two sublayers:
		Logical Link Control (LLC)
    		Media Access Control (MAC)
    	3) Framing: Framing is a function of the data link layer. It provides a way for a sender
    	   to transmit a set of bits that are meaningful to the receiver. This can be
    	   accomplished by attaching special bit patterns to the beginning and end of the frame.	
    	4) Physical Addressing: After creating frames, the Data link layer adds physical
    	   addresses ( MAC addresses ) of the sender and/or receiver in the header of each
    	   frame.   
    	5) The data link layer provides the mechanism of error control in which it detects and
    	   retransmits damaged or lost frames.
    	6) The data rate must be constant on both sides else the data may get corrupted thus,
    	   flow control coordinates the amount of data that can be sent before receiving an
    	   acknowledgment. 
    	7) When a single communication channel is shared by multiple devices, the MAC sub-layer
           of the data link layer helps to determine which device has control over the channel
           at a given time.  
           
        NETWORK LAYER:
        The network layer works for the transmission of data from one host to the other located
        in different networks. It also takes care of packet routing i.e. selection of the
        shortest path to transmit the packet, from the number of routes available. The sender
        and receiver’s IP address are placed in the header by the network layer. Segment in the
        Network layer is referred to as PACKET. Network layer is implemented by networking
        devices such as routers and switches.  
        1) The network layer protocols determine which route is suitable from source to
           destination.   
        2) The sender and receiver’s IP addresses are placed in the header by the network
           layer.   
           
        TRANSPORT LAYER:
           
    	   
    	   
    	   
    	   
    	   
    	   
    	     
